well howdy there internet people Isabeau
again so tonight I am winding down my
Friday night but I got a little bit left
I want to make a toast
not sure who I'm gonna make it to yet
though I don't know if I should toast
President Trump for being the visionary
that he is and declaring Isis in Syria
defeated when they're still pretty
operational I know if I should toast him
or the brass and the Department of
Defense who ignored their own experts
and civilian advisors and chose to
measure the potency of an insurgent
organization by how much land they hold
ignoring all insurgency theory maybe I
should toast the guy who apparently
argued successfully that being forced to
defend and maintain land is not a drain
on resources and something that
typically prohibits terrorist
organizations from going on the
offensive or the guy that had to have
written a memo stating that it doesn't
matter that you know in 28 or 29 of the
31 countries in which the Isis umbrella
has operated in they didn't hold land
and that Isis is known for being able to
strike far beyond their footprint I
don't really want to toast any of those
guys out maybe we should toast the
veterans of future wars the kids of
today who will end up fighting this same
enemy because rather than attempting to
wage a successful and effective
counterterrorism campaign the
politicians of today have chosen to well
just score political points by making
statements they know to be false to
appeal to an uninformed base that
absolutely refuses to make any attempt
to understand what is happening in these
countries or maybe we should toast that
uninformed base you know those guys with
the yellow ribbons on their
trucks x2 the American flag bumper
sticker Lou cheer USA USA because
without their absolute refusal to inform
themselves we might not have as many of
those pretty flag covered coffins to
pretend we care about but rather than
that
I'd rather toast the American soldiers
killed in a car bomb after the president
declared Isis and Syria defeated the
seven Kurdish soldiers who got taken out
at the checkpoint the SDF guy who just
got killed in the vehicle-borne IEDs
tack the Iraqis who are currently afraid
to go to church because they're waiting
on an Isis attack before Philippine
troopers they got waxed today fighting
Abu Sayyaf that's the ISIS offshoot in
the Philippines rather toast down and
all of the ki is that are gonna come
after them because this isn't over it's
not over
terrorist organizations do not need land
to operate that's stupid
that is stupid
in fact some would argue that leaving a
small amount of land in their possession
would lead them to waste a lot of
resources attempting to defend it might
even be where their leadership Liz we
don't know where their leadership is
anymore
they've taken the hills so
congratulations
Department of Defense after all of this
time you have basically put us back in
the situation we were in in Afghanistan
in 2002 Congrats took a lot of work to
accomplish that
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night